welcome to my unboxing and first look at
something that we actually detailed
pretty reasonably well during our CES
coverage but I'm extremely excited to
have it properly hands-on so that we can
check out everything from the retail
packaging to all that other good stuff
so this is the orb weaver from razer and
it features a package with not one not
two but three seals in the top that I
now get to break with my knife this is
the first time that I have seen one of
these game pads that is fully mechanical
and not just fully mechanical but
mechanical Cherry MX blues so my
personal favorite kind of mechanical
we're going to go ahead open up the box
where we find presumably I haven't seen
it yet but presumably as always razors
immaculate attention to detail when it
comes to their packaging look at that
even the inside of the outer shell box
is black because that is how they roll
so on the bottom we find a couple of
things we find the gold plated USB
connector would have liked to see a
braided cable here so that's a little
bit unfortunate but it's up to you guys
doesn't increase performance or anything
it's just the kind of detail I would
have expected razor to include we've got
some Razer stickers which everyone likes
I think at least people who like the
Razer logo would like Razer stickers I
like the Razer logo although I don't
think I've ever put Razer stickers on
something congratulations there's no
turning back and there's a baby crying
we will be back in a moment
sorry about that guys he bumped his head
so I'm taking over for a little bit he's
feeling better already but I just want
to show you guys all the details of the
orb-weaver itself we've got it plugged
in so you can see the brilliant green
LED lighting effects in fact you'll be
able to see them a little bit better if
we kill the house lights and you check
these things out
check them out just like the Black Widow
ultimate 2013 the lighting is extremely
vibrant and very green I've encountered
other backlit switches that just don't
have that same that same depth to the
green color but yeah the Black Widow
ultimate 2013 and this one are very very
vibrant so let's get the lights back and
show you guys we have
when tea fully programmable keys so
using Razer synapse 2.0 you can change
the functionality to whatever you want
including macros and because it's
cloud-based your profiles go with you on
the fly all you have to do is log into
your synapse profile and you're good to
go over here we have a again mechanical
analog stick a thumb rest as well as an
additional button here that can act as a
shift giving you access to up to 40
programmable keys if you hold shift and
press it versus if you don't hold shift
and press it you can put in different
functionality it's also extremely
customizable in terms of the length so
you've got two pieces here just going to
sit him down there's all pin right here
that you pull out and you can release
this palm rest so that it can be in
either down up or free moving mode
giving you the ability to just kind of
have it float with you as you move your
hand back and forth and slick and I have
already each tried this before but when
you expand it to the max so using this
clip right here to expand this piece
there we go
let's just show you guys that in detail
baby as the backdrop there we go
all the way and this clip right here to
expand the thumb or contract it
whichever you prefer you can have it big
enough for Slick's hands where you can
see my hands are look ridiculous on it
and I can't even reach the keys hardly
versus if I put it all the way in we
could have it see this is where I was
going with this okay maybe not quite
small enough for baby hands but pretty
darn close right you a gamer
there you go there you go champ alright
let's see if I'm missing anything else
about it so we got Razer synapse 2.0
instantaneous switching between eight
different key maps oh that's right
okay so there's an indicator over here
that allows you to switch between
different key maps backlit keyboard
adjustable hansom and programmable a
tweed oh yeah it's an eight way
directional thumb pad I should have
mentioned that and I just want to talk a
little bit about the overall build
quality of this guy it is unbelievable
so it has that same feel that high
quality mechanical keyboards have theirs
zero flex to the device on the keyboard
itself I mean I can't I can't demo flex
because there is no flex and the Cherry
MX blue switches feel extremely
responsive and have that satisfying
sound that you expect from well Cherry
MX blue switches the rubber pads on the
bottom are using a high quality rubber
grip so it's not going to go anywhere
while you're gaming and we were actually
having this conversation off-camera
between me and the production crew here
where we figure you know what probably
one of the reasons that the packaging is
not quite what you'd normally see from
Razer and you know the cords not braided
is because this is an extremely
expensive device to manufacture compared
to competing products out there like
something like a Nostromo for example
because it uses mechanical key switches
the cost of making it goes up immensely
so thank you for checking out my
unboxing and first look at the Razer
orb-weaver don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos